## Implementation Ideas

### Exchange

Any currency's value is directly correlated to it's influence. To what you can buy with it, to what you can motivate other people to do with it, etc. It's directly correlated to the people who use it, and their abilities.

A crypto currency exchange or group is an interesting idea because the management of maximizing the value of different crypto-currency against each other could be important in inter-currency relations. As crypto-currency gets more popular, those who use different coins may want to begin to interact. Without currency in each other's ledger, it's not very easy to have two groups interact. An exchange's job much benefit from doing analysis to be mitigators in comparing coins. With that in mind, it would be possible for two rival exchanges to have different conversions and therefore the one who's is most accurate would profit more through a more real wealth analysis ( as to not by lesser coins at a more expensive price than they need to).

A crypto-exchange as a new form of bank is a thought that should be further explored.

## Unsorted Concepts

### Using block chain to leverage publish-subscriber to increase efficiency over observer

Usually, many APIs use the paradigm of observer, where a client pings a server to be able to get the information they want. This is good for servers because they execute on request and don't need to do calculations about when send a message themselves. Doing those calculations can be costly, so servers wouldn't normally want to do them.

It could be useful to have clients subscribe to you and calculate when to send messages to them for them. Handling when and how to give data can increase base efficiency. Each of these processes can be tracked accurately via block chain for cost and then charge a client automatically for the computation and logistics.

### Digital Repositories

Using the distributed, permanence, and security advancements of blockchain
technology to allow people to store important documents in a blockchain. These
documents can they be summoned as needed and automatically verified as authentic
due to the nature of blockchain.

This could allow people to build a permanent record that is digitally
unalterable. Possibly very dangerous if something goes in that should not, but
also very honest and convenient.

Look at MIT's digital diploma system.

### Configurator

Blockchains can be used for different reasons. Blockchains as well have their
own pieces and properties which can be adjusted to change their
behavior. Because of this, it would make sense for someone to design a
blockchain to use different protocols to achieve different performance for
different applications.

Setting up a blockchain could be a pain for some people. Due to the distributed
character of blockchains, it might be useful to have an application that makes
it accessible for people to create their own blockchain for different use
cases.

It could be useful to be able to simulate the performance of a blockchain given
a set of relevant parameters, and then maybe give advice on how to improve the
performance of a blockchain.

It could be useful to be able to evaluate what kind of hardware is needed in
order to be able to uphold particular performance characteristics.

### Forking and Merging

The idea is for people to be able to isolate sets of interactions away from the
main block chain for added security and anonyminity without sacrificing still
being a part of the block chain.

The strategy would be for a group of people to enter an agreement to allocate
money from thier pool into a separate mini-blockchain. This removal of money is
known to the main block chain and will only accept it back if the same amount of
removed money is put back in (at least I think that's what would be required).

Maybe some sort of tagging on the fork is needed. A transaction of forking could
be marked on the chain without actually having specific reference to the new
block chain data, only that it happened and exsists. Then, after the
mini-blockchain is resolved, it can be merged back as the finishing end of a
transaction.

#### Hazards

One of the problems known behind bitcoin (double check this) is that there is a limit to how much can be mined from it. Maybe a scalable insentive needs to be figured out.

Is there a way to reset the size of a chain with all the current user values kept? This is a complex question that might require good handling of a high pressure situation.

### Social Media

People can register and join different entities, like clubs or restaurants, that will use their data to provide a better experience. In exchange, users will get crypto from the company for their data.

The company can get crypto from hosting a block in the block chain and running processes  for the social app. The more people come to the place, the more processing is done, so the more crypto they make, and same with the guests.

The trade is the club gets data for processing and the people get currency to spend on the club for free shit. Also, it's blockchain, so it's local, and the data isn't  collected by mega corps. Theoretically, companies using this app will all be a part of.the chain, therefore they share the same crypto. That means if I go to a restaurant, then a movie, then a bar to end the night, I could spend the same crypto in all of those places if they use this app.

It's basically new age digital economy.

A way for us to make money? Well, the data is definitely owned by the places, fairly, so they can sell it to whom ever they want. But does a restaurant know data analysis? No. We can provide a data analysis service. Make our own market!

Frats could be base stations, have people pay to get into their parties and everyone could have wild parties.

Tinder could be used as a prostitution app, paid with crypto.

With the idea of using multiple other servers run by small companies, our company could also be majorly involved in keeping the blockchain. This means that we run servers that calculate the blocks and try our hardest to keep up with the latest and fullest ledgers. There could possibly be an advantage having other big companies who back our currency/ app in keeping this blockchain too.

On the idea of this app running on many different kinds of cryptos, our central servers could also be a hub that is connected to many if not all of the custom made cryptos and has systems to try and work on all of them. That might be another advantage of being the app creator, we have the right to know of the creation of other cryptocurrencies that will be involved in exchanges using our app, so we can be cognizant of mining all of them.

### Internet of Things

Constant transactions between internet of things devices allow each of them to
be nodes in big webs. If people need to interact with different devices that
produce data, any transations that occur on those devices may benifit from
having a blockchain configuration that is custom for the domain.

### Temporary

One interesting use case for a blockchain is pure internal accounting of a set
of transactions.

Say, for example, a group of people want to get together and coordinate some
business. This many times might require a large amount of logistical planning in
order to keep everything tight. Therefore, I would expect that automating this
process might allow for consistency and efficiency increase.

Something that might allow for this be extra powerful is there was a consensus
made among business owners for different services that could be done between
each other and allow those to be kept track of. Logistically, this could allow
systems to prompt and cascade against each other as different conditions are
made across a blockchain, which is meant to reflect real life. For example, if
someone get x amount of product delivered at t time and then will need to have y
amount of product sent by s time where y is relative t, then you can
automatically execute on these conditions. This, for example, might be useful in
a massive distribution network with a product that can spoil, such as fish. If a
restaurant only expects to be able to sell 2 fish an hour, then it will only
need 8 fish for the day if they arrive 4 hours before closing. This arrival time
can be estimated at things go along and give more power to the buyers, as they
can decide to buy on the fly.

Due to the finality of many of these transactions, there would be an extreme
technological overhead present in accounting for everything that could ever
happen from here to forever. It would make sense to have transactions such as
this exist as needed only, and as they are closed, have a space minimized final
state output, almost like a digital receipt

### Variable Work

Not everyone has tons of computing power, which means that high work protocols are both more secure yet also slower.

If there was a block chain protocol that could decide for certain moments to be verified with something more work intensive to increase security, yet let other smaller exchanges be less ensured, then you could retain levels of integrity without sacrificing speed too much.

### Cross Cryptocurrency Dynamics

One crypto's activity affecting the other:
Imagine two crypto-currency communities doing their thing. Then, for some reason, each of those communities has a conflict of interest. It is possible that one of the communities motivates itself to work against the interests of the other in a competition for value IRL. The result of this kind of battle could have a detrimental and/or positive effect on the value of each crypto-currency. An analysis on the inter-dynamics of each is important for understanding how their values might shift.

### Economic Unit

A single coin's strength is in the use of it.

Coins concerting between another signifies mixing of populations between coins.

This makes coins particularly discreet as a unit of power. Those that use it often can offer a certain brand of goods and services to those in it, and less frequent users can sometimes step in an request those kinds of services in exchange for their services. This kind of dynamic is like that of a guild, where the guild may have thier particular crypto coin and offer less frequent users thier coin as payment with the theoretical idea that the less frequent users can come back and expect better service from a particular coin.

This makes what the groups who use it have thier particular coin value based on the domain of expertise. A stronger coin may therefore be a more diverse one, and more niche coins can then be considered more volitile depending on their service's demand.

## Proofs

### Proof of Karma

If everyone in a chain approves, someone may be rewarded crypto without anyone loosing anything.

Although there are economic implications to this, such as inflation, someone who did something for the group could either be given a little something from everyone or instead just be given crypto from thin air.

In fact, maybe they could choose.

Such an event is actually at net always worth less than what the individual receives had they not made the choice to generate new crypto. This itself maybe be cool feature in stand alone, but due to the drawbacks of it, some people may not opt into it. It's actually technically always a little selfless for someone to take the generated crypto.

This deficit prompts a solution to make up for the lost value. In parallel, a new currency can made that tracts solely events/ instances of these selfless transactions. Let's call the new side-crypto Karma.

You can only get Karma if everyone approves of it.

Karma can be useful to mark that selflessness. If that's important to the group, it could be used for as a proof protocol, ie proof-of-karma. This effectively makes a democratic system of whose blockchain version to trust.

An expansion of this, for scalability and power, is allowing for any transaction to be classified as Karma generating, even one that has no transaction at all. This could be useful to be able to have one person pay many people at once to help them do something that is good for an even larger group. This would mean a team get paid at the expense of the funder, and if the action behind it is significant enough for the whole it could convince everyone to send Karma to the funder.

Things could get arbitrarly complex if you try to introduce partial approvals and such. I'm not sure how that would work or if it's useful even, but maybe it's a thought to explore.
