### Twitch Chat Filter and Analyzer

Twitch is missing a lot of things, but that's beside the point.

Something that would be a cool tool for a Twitch streamer is a chat
analyzer. One such analyzer could be a token extractor that would then be able
to leveraged for different live consensus reflection. For example, if a streamer
asks a question to chat, they will respond with YES or NO many times, or small
variations thereof. It might be useful for a streamer to be able to actually
view this as a comparable statistic live with a much nicer GUI than a mass of
scrolling text. Maybe, for this case, a kind of bar that does a tug-of-war and
begins to settle as more people enter in chat. Another simple example of the
same type could be TRUE vs ???.

Another kind of filter could be one that eliminates the ability for people to
copy-paste their message so it's not a wall of unreadable text delimited by an
emote. This could be a decent option cleaning up the view of chat itself.

Another basic analyzer, which is already done, is a live emote counter, though
they seem to be pretty primitive. The way that this could be used to improve
streamer and viewing experience is many. A streamer might be able to more
accurately understand the sentiment of their viewership live.

These kinds of HUDs may also be great as steam overlays, or even just as great
Twitch views. The blazing fast chat is fun to many people, but I personally
don't use it that often because I don't think that anything that I say will
actually be understood. I am limited to spamming with the masses without
actually producing anymore than that. Another kind of filter could be a type of
spam filter were a user can write out a coherent sentence and expect it to get
isolated as a message. This can be done in many different ways. One of the
solutions that twitch currently provides is the ability for a user to highlight
their message, but those messages fly away with the rest of chat anyways.

### Data Visualization for Navigation

There are many ways that something can be understood to an observer. Engineering that experience to synergize for multiple uses is necessary for the maximization of visual real estate on any platform.

Let's take an example. People want to be able to see connections between people. They also want to discover new things. These are two separate wants, but because they each specifically go hand in hand by what kind of information is used, it may be possible to present the data both in an informative way as well as a useful way. If accomplished, you can then create an interface which shows you the connections between people and lets you make optimal decisions on how to discover new content effectively.

The previous example is honestly a bit of a gimme in that it is pretty intuitive that each of those wants go hand in hand, but the concept to take away from that is problems that operate on the same data set may be able related enough to be answered by a single solution  in tandem if designed correctly. Then, if done modularly, can also be linked elegantly with more solutions to create even greater functionality.

An expansion of this solution, that being a visual graph of connections that is also interactive to be able to both view connections and traverse them, could be the ability to hover over a node and see a preview of the full context (raw data) that the node represents. Now, the person traversing can view new content more fully than just a simple symbolic representation of a dot on a graph. The solutions combined were an interactive graph and a quick expansion of a symbol that represents a specific context to include more detail of a node on the graph. This makes the graph now more informative than a content traversing map, but also quick contextually informative.

Something that could be cool for certain kind of medias is the visualization of connections to different parts of a post. The customary thing to do would be to be able to make some lame hashtag thing or something. Something cooler would be to build in the fact that someone commented on something right into the rendering of a post. For example, someone post a response to an article. The response to the article is made to look a certain way to maximize its communicability and all that, allows for direct quoting and whatnot, whatever. Then someone comes along and makes a connection. They do this because they want to respond to what the person said in the article at a certain point, so they highlight what they said and then the option to make a response appears. They make a response and post it. Now when a second person comes along and reads the original post, they can see that a person responded because a certain section of the page is highlighted in yellow, with the ability to then be able to click on the text and read the response.

That's one example. Think about it like being able to annotate a post with your own created content and then stylizing the annotations appropriately. Even presenting the content of the annotations can be treated in multiple ways, where quick looks should be implemented in order to allow people to not have to completely navigate away from the original page if they do not want to, but also the ability to then easily be able to open up the new content into their own page/ full representation. 

History/ Navigation UI:

This goes both for people logged in to the website, as well as those who may not have an account on the site. We should, however, entice people to make an account so that we can both give them more features that may otherwise be unavailable without by-person state keeping, as well as leverage that state to be able to curate money making methods better. Yeah yeah yeah, scummy, but not really if the service is free.

Anyways: someone who opens up a link to a media page on our site, account holder or not, may theoretically begin to navigate further around the website by traversing connections. Because of the nature of connections relating one thing or another, it may be advantageous to allow a user to do a couple things. The first is be able to see where they've been. The second is to then allow them to traverse backwards and forward through what they've seen. As a passive user, this would be created per instance of opening up a new page or session. As an account holder, these traversals could be saved as a history so you can go back and see what you've done. As an account holder, you could also "bookmark" a media piece, allowing you to later jump back to said piece of media straight away to view it whenever you'd like.

This might actually be crucial to the design and feel of the app, as the app is not meant to curate stuff to you based on what your friends have made, but rather what kind of stuff you might be interested in. CAUTION MUST BE TAKEN IN SUCH AN ENDEAVOR, THOUGH. An AI that produces alike content for someone to consume causes  cyclic content presentation, so if a feed type system were to be implemented, it might be better to suggest articles from that which those you have saved branch into/ towards.

On a social side of things, it would be cool to be able to save as well as share pages to other people, and even get permalinks, embedable representations, or other kinds of ways to allow people to spread the content modularly. This would allow others to engage in new content as well as be able to bring in new users. 

### Internet of Things Measuring

One of the key fundamental issues that is currently a part of many representative assets are that their tokens of ownership can be possessed by non-owners. This means that there can be an inconsistency in what is implied and what is real. So, someone who is an American citizen who went through the passport acquisition procedure should be able to travel, but cannot if they loose their passport.

This kind of inconsistency can be seen in economic systems as well. A simple and direct example of this can be noticed when a product is delivered faulty. It is assumed that it will not be, so you pay for the product and service of it being delivered, but sometimes things happen. The fact that 'things happen' is inevitable, in that for the same reason that we are able to have the opportunity to enjoy many of our services (i.e. labor being executed) things can also not go well. Accounting for these events is generally either poor or expensive. Checking condition is laborious and therefore expensive in relations to the granularity of information provided from the effort.

An IoT of instruments that measure the condition of product automatically can lower the cost of these procedures. If those measurements can be communicated between everyone involved, then parties in business can hold each other accountable, as well as take responsibility more efficiently for each event.

If it was known that a certain number of products were not being delivered in a good condition, maybe the whole supply chain would then suffer for that without knowing the cause of it. In this system, everyone would know why and possibly be able to precisely do something about it.

Imagine also a situation where a product was being delivered perfectly fine, but
the price of the product was greatly tied to one section of its manufacturing
process. Granularly recording information about the manufacturing could lead
people to isolating and optimizing a critical section of the products
manufacturing cycle and reduce the cost of making it.

### Prevent Bots

Main idea

    - Bots have power in numbers because they are able to manipulate the algorithms to get people to view content that the people controlling them want to see

Solution

    - Be able to find a way to filer the idea. This should most likely be solved with systemic features/ how the information is  made and controlled

Hardware solutions

    - User authentication on account creation
    - User authentication at  specific locations

Software

    - Intelligent filters <- Obvious and should be worked on or at least evaluated to see if this is even worth it (because if this was easily doable then the current problem wouldn't exist)

System dynamic

    - User to user
    - User to Company
 
User to user

    - This can be solved a lot better by how the system is built. Using localization will greatly increase the amount of relevant content sent to user. 
    - Newsfeeds have the problem of serving up content that is not necessarily direct for the user by evaluating bot noise as relevant trends
    - This can be processed using distributed servers

User to company

    - Pulling data from contextual place

### Discussion Formats

The basic idea of this is to create tools for users to be able to adjust and tune how they are able to discuss a topic with one another. The trick to this would be to figure out what variables are present in a discussion and then allow people to customize templates for how they want to proceed. Default, be structured templates should also be available so they don't need to choose.

Example: say I want to discuss a topic. For this specific topic, I want to be able to argue two different sides of point, a kind of Pro/Con format. Then, if I want to facilitate this, I need a way for the website to allow only certain amount of posts on one side of the argument vs the other, or display each post for each argument in two columns for people to read together. This way, the format facilitates more equal stock to each side ass opposed to equal stock to each person, they by giving an advantage to the mass popular opinion, as anything dissenting would get drowned out. This is good if you want to hear many points from each side to get a bigger perspective. This isn't exactly good if you want to give public opinion on something. The format that you can engage would tune the experience one way or another.

### Loadless website navigation

Think of the idea of having previews and then expansions of media.

Think of the idea of having a navigation history/graph.

In conjunction, think of the idea of having linked media with each other.

Load-less navigation is a bit if a mis-nomer because loading happens, but the idea is to allow people to navigate through the website pages fluidly. This can be really good for user experience and may even be necessary in order to be able to make the highly modular media easy to consume. This should also be accompanied by the navigation user interface to be incremental. Loading of the information of many webpages that could later be traversed to in advanced would allow more fluid loading.

You could also compress to save memory  and decease transfer time. You could compress as you leave pages and store them in memory to reduce the amount of loading needed.

### Pattern Making Software

*You should really just looking into this kind of thing being a sub-tool inside
of a typical picture editor like GIMP or PhotoShop. It's realistically there and
probably has the portability that you are looking for already. Maybe, it's not
in terms of it being able to help you expand on advanced patterns by enforcing
pattern properties while letting you just play around, but it might already be
good enough*

A software that can randomly, configurably, or some other kind of input-ly
generate a pattern (from said input). 

The kind of thing I imagine would be someone drawing a bunch on lines and curves pand the software finding a way to make it repeating. 
WX
Then it could identify different parts of the patterns that are unique, maybe even group similar-by-translation shapes, and color them in with a template.

Identification can be tiered, so broken down to the smallest kind of shape, and then also relationalized with the identified shaped to create less catagories to color in. The grouping can be done automatically, or manually specify (like maybe there is a group made that has shapes of a certain orientation but not size, so then you spit some off into two groups by size to make more coloring options).

I guess you would need to learn about topography, or whatever that branch of math is that deals with different shapes being defined by their hole counts.

### Digital Flyers

People can upload events to a local area for people to then contact the event
creator and organize stuff

### Digital Signatures

The ability to easily make, to then be able to save and use later, a signature
or symbol to be able to add your own mark on your media.

### Redo App

An app that allows from planning tasks, that can then be gone back to and tasks reused and twerked.

The idea is to make it extensible as well, so it it's possible to automate a task by interfacing actions with outside stuff.

Lists inside lists, tweaked and specialized instances of old tasks, etc.

### Profiles App

An app that allows you to be a me to build and share a set on information about yourself

Thinking it could be based for both personal and business

You can customize categories and lists of things, like maybe you are a casual social user and want people to know about basic things like interests. You can make an interests list under your own profile.

Maybe you are a business user and want to have your resume and contact info easily shareable.

Maybe you use both, and want one account for yourself, so you have separate lists and share that info separately depending on the situation. One place to load up, store, share, and easily view information about others (in a way that each user feels comfortable sharing for each relationship specifically).

Static vs dynamic information:

Profiles list static information. Stuff that is not changing at the moment. Where you work, what you like, etc. 

Using the app, dynamic information should be available. Where you are, what your
doing, etc. Again, this information is shared and available at will by the
user. Maybe you could use this app with your parents to keep track of where you
are. But also, not allow your boss to see exactly where you are, but what you
are doing (like eating lunch). Both sets of information can be tracked by your
phone, but each set is available individually to different people.

### Music Playlist Mixer

The ability to categorize songs, albums, and play lists by tags, which can even be parameterized with variable weight, to then be able to create play lists that are a weighted sum of categories. Songs are them pulled from these tags by weight at random.

Example: I mark 10 albums with various categories or make a bunch of playlist and mark them with various categories. So a certain playlist might be 6/10 rap, 3/10 pop, and 7/10 rock. Do this for a variety of categories and playlists. Then I make a new playlist that is only shuffling that I want to be 2/10 rap, 4/10 pop, and 9/10 rock. This playlist will pull songs from the different categorized playlist to try and meat that balance of music.

This can also be done within a playlist itself that is already built where the songs themselves are categorized. If you take said playlist with categorized songs and say you want to hear more rap than rock from the playlist, like 3/10 rap and 2/10 rock, it will balance the output of the playlists choices to try and meet that ratio, which in this case is 60/40.

Maybe you could do something like 45% rock, 45% rap, and then 10% jazz where some classic chart from a bank of jazz songs that you like will come on once every ten songs.

Details of the above: I have 3 separate playlist of rap, rock, and pop. I make a new shuffle playlist, even better categorized more like a radio or auto queue, that I set up to play 30% rock, 40% rock, and 20% pop. These playlists could be enormous and be giant banks of the kinds of songs I like. This way, I don't need to create huge balanced playlists every time I want a new feel for a playlist. I can instead have the computer automatically calculate what song should come on next for me.

This will help people listen to more music. Generally, it's too annoying to try and find new music and incorporate it into a playlist or keep it around to listen to. This way, you can mark it and forget about it and have come on some other time without you needing to think about it.

### Photosphere Rig

Be able to create 360 photosphere videos through constant capture. Development of video can be post processed.

Maybe one day see if it can be done live.

### Peer-to-peer Distributed Processing

The app will require things to be processed by a lot of people, maybe, or could at least allow certain people to process data while others are asking for things to be processed. This idea should be way further developed in how this interaction and participation should work and be rewarded.

People who use the app might need to pay crypto to use it, while others who provide the back end can be rewarded it. Then again, those users who provide good content for others to enjoy, and informative resource or otherwise, can also be rewarded crypto.
